Feat(web): Extend Flex direction by reverse value (#1842)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: packages/codemods/src/transforms/v4/web-react/README.md

- <UncontrolledCollapse hideOnCollapse … />
+ <UncontrolledCollapse isDisposable … />
```

> ### `v4/web-react/flex-direction-values` - Flex direction prop values `row` to `horizontal` and `column` to `vertical`

Reviewer: **suggestion:** 
```suggestion
### `v4/web-react/flex-direction-values` - Replace Flex direction prop values `row` with `horizontal` and `column` with `vertical`
```
